---
id: seychelles-tax-id-guide
title: Seychelles TIN number guide
keywords: [TIN, Find TIN, Tax ID, Seychelles]
sidebar_label: Seychelles
description: Learn about TIN number in Seychelles. Use Lookuptax for hassle-free tax id validation in Seychelles and other 100+ countries
tags : 
  - Seychelles
  - TIN
---

## TIN
In Seychelles, taxation primarily applies to businesses rather than individuals. Income tax, which is imposed on employee emoluments through withholding tax managed by employers, requires the Tax Identification Number (TIN) of the employer for payment purposes. Employees themselves do not receive a TIN; instead, only the employer possesses this identifier. The Seychelles Revenue Commission (SRC) exclusively issues TINs, which are utilized for all tax payments and are displayed on the Business Activity Statement, a mandatory form submitted with monthly payments. Each TIN is automatically generated by the computerized system and is distinct to each taxpayer. Once a business ceases operations, its TIN cannot be duplicated or reissued.

**Format**

The Tax Identification Number (TIN) is a nine-digit identifier generated through an algorithm, ensuring compliance with a checksum requirement.


----
**How [Lookuptax](https://lookuptax.com/) can help you in VAT validation?**

**Lookuptax VAT validation** revolutionizes VAT number validation with its robust platform, empowering businesses to seamlessly verify VAT numbers across over 100 countries. Our cutting-edge technology ensures accurate and efficient validation, reducing errors and enhancing compliance.
